---
title: Announcing the 2023 Unitary Fund Members
date: 7 February 2023
author: Unitary Fund Team
---

Since its launch last year, our membership program has allowed Unitary
Fund to build on its foundation of grantmaking and community building to
strengthen the quantum technology ecosystem. The support and
thought-partnership these companies provide are vital to our efforts to
diversify the field, share knowledge and resources, and support
community-oriented research projects around the world. These initiatives
include our Microgrant program, which has funded 71 grants across 23
countries; The Quantum Open Source Survey, with over 1,000 respondents
in its first year; unitaryHACK; our open-access community calls; and
Unitary Lab's projects which offer new and accessible tools to move the
field forward.

Unitary Fund is proud to list supporters involved in all aspects of
quantum technology: Those developing quantum hardware and quantum
software, startups and enterprises, domestic and international
organizations, all contributing to the open source ecosystem.

"We could not grow a quantum technology ecosystem that benefits the most
people without the ongoing support and dedication of this member
community. It is through their leadership that anyone around the world
can access and benefit from Unitary Fund\'s programming, resources, and
networks. We are thrilled to be working with this cohort to continue
accelerating the arrival of quantum technologies and to ensure that
their benefits are open and accessible," said ***Will Zeng***, President
at Unitary Fund.

We are excited to announce the 2023 Member cohort!

## **Core Member:**

[![](../images/IBM_quantum.png)](https://quantum-computing.ibm.com/)

## **Supporting Members:**
[Agnostiq](https://www.covalent.xyz/),
[AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/braket/),
[Cisco](https://www.cisco.com/),
[Dorahacks](https://dorahacks.io/),
[Pasqal](https://www.pasqal.com/),
[Quandela](https://www.quandela.com/),
[Qyber](https://www.qyber.ai/)

![](../images/2023_supporting_members.png)

We would also like to thank the following organizations for their
support of Unitary Fund's mission:

![[Atom Computing](https://atom-computing.com/), [Boston
Consulting Group](https://www.bcg.com/), [IQT
Labs](https://www.iqt.org/labs/), [QC
Ware](https://www.qcware.com/),
[QuEra](https://www.quera.com/),
[Riverlane](https://www.riverlane.com/), and
[Xanadu](https://www.xanadu.ai/).](../images/2023_supporters.png)


***Testimonials from our Members***:

"The mission of the Unitary Fund to establish an open quantum software
ecosystem is of vital importance to IBM Quantum and Qiskit. We are
thrilled to be a part of this initiative which has already demonstrated
its value to the broader quantum community" said ***Luciano Bello***,
Developer Advocacy Lead at **IBM Quantum**.

"Democratizing quantum technologies will take a diverse village -- from
PhDs through software developers and beyond. While Amazon Braket is a
town square for hardware providers, Unitary Fund provides a unique role
on the path to democratization by establishing a community for quantum
software developers, said ***Sebastian Hassinger***, worldwide business
development and go-to-market strategy for quantum computing at **AWS**.
"Microgrants like those provided by Unitary Fund open the aperture even
further for those who want to experiment with quantum computing projects
through the lens of their expertise and without having to think about
equations. This will be key for helping the industry move from theory
papers to running code."

***Lo√Øc Henriet***, the Chief Technology Officer of **Pasqal** added, \"I
strongly believe that a robust quantum software ecosystem will be needed
if we want to make quantum processors useful. UF\'s vision to support
new and innovative open source projects has already proved to be
instrumental to accelerate its growth."

"Unitary Fund is a medium that provides an equal opportunity for anyone
with an idea related to quantum technology, science, and education to
create and innovate. Both the Unitary Fund microgrant program and the
active community play an important role in enabling the largest group of
people to contribute and collaborate in meaningful ways. Not only that,
but for those who are new to the quantum field, it provides a starting
point to ask questions and discover," noted ***Stephen DiAdamo***,
research scientist on the Quantum Systems team at **Cisco**. "Unitary Fund
reduces the challenging entry barrier to quantum science allowing the
quantum ecosystem to flourish. Cisco being a supporting member allows us
to contribute to and support the Unitary Fund community, and moreover
allows us to open new learning opportunities for those interested in
quantum communication and networks."

Said ***Jiannan Zhang***, Founder and CEO of **DoraHacks**, \"Quantum
computing can potentially solve many challenges we face today. While
quantum computing hardware develops, it is important to build a strong
and inclusive ecosystem that allows people to innovate with quantum
technology. Open source developer communities and open source public
goods are critical to achieve this goal. Unitary Fund has funded many
talents via microgrants and unitaryHack. We are glad to continue
supporting Unitary Fund this year and build a thriving open source
quantum ecosystem together.\"

*To find out how to get involved in our member program, email
info\@unitary.fund.*

#### **About Unitary Fund**

Unitary Fund is a 501(c)(3) non-profit whose mission is to create a
quantum technology ecosystem that benefits the people around the world.
We believe that expanding the pool of people working on quantum
technologies is a way to ensure that the benefits of these tools are
widely, swiftly, and equitably distributed. We primarily use two major
programs to pursue this mission.Through Unitary Labs we work on in-house
projects that help the ecosystem as a whole. Through our microgrant
program, we fund an inclusive community of explorers across the world to
work on quantum technologies.

